hey there's been a run a long time since
I last uploaded my last unboxing video
of the my collection here's the new one
it's been right along so we have the
AirAsia and I want to 400 scale in the
Lotus livery which is special because it
is quite different from the usual red
which I quite dislike just new one is
currently in green color and also we
have the Airbus a330 300 from Malaysia
Airlines also in the same scale the
previous one I have was a 200 version so
shortened but increase range variants of
the a330 and the next one my special the
only Polaris B 787 800 I like this one
the most
because it's the first time I had a 787
Moke from Phoenix let's start the
unboxing first of all I like to
apologize for the quality of this video
this is due to the fact that I have
changed my Samsung camera which is
currently in fix and I'm now using my
experience on Ericsson I would like to
apologize for the quality looks bit
shaky as you can see here okay we have
done our unboxing so let's you should
see the Oh arranger first focused is
extremely small so due to the fact is we
want to form a skill the green patches
seems to be rather real to the real life
on the registration Nyame a FY as well
can see the NASA CNN proton maxi still
Malaysia and Lotus lotus livery as well
the next one we have the Malaysia
Airlines a tree 3300 and focus free this
one is rudders see the olivary I have
the new one but I'm acting that some of
you have seen it on other videos from
other users so I would like to not like
to have looked the latest livery this is
the old livery and under registration 9
m MK sorry but to take a look can focus
ok I'll take a look
MK d at the moment seems to be run off
focusing cable focus apologize the next
one we have the Boeing 787 this is my
favorite it's the first time I have 7
Axela then focus there it is it's under
the registration of ja8 0 1 a which is
the first 787 to enter service to our
lip on that has his foots maiden flight
to Hong Kong about last week I think so
very nice very detailed the wing flex as
well I love the wings so this is my
current new models head a head the HP
3300 from age your ex and leisure in
eyes but I chose OTR look since we
already users of loading it so thank you
for watching